Namo Buddha Shakyamuni. I
respectfully greet the head of the La Hala Club
and all the members of the La Hala Club.
Today
I would like to send the head of the La Hala Club two
questions. First, I
realize that I have
n't shown enough gratitude towards my teachers. I would
like to ask
how I can increase my gratitude towards them. Second, I am hesitant to congratulate my teacher.
How can I confidently express my congratulations
to her? My two questions are also part of the
previous ones.
Think about it: who taught you to read today? Do
you understand? Who taught you to do
math today? Do
you understand? Who taught you to write essays today? That's it. I understand
everything my
teachers taught me, and I will reflect
on everything that
my parents wouldn't have taught me if they hadn't taught me,
right? That's how I think.
Then I will be more grateful to my teachers,
okay? Because I am grateful to my teachers,
I just want to wish them this:
Thank you, teacher, and thank you to all the teachers,
because thanks to you I learned to read and write, that's very
true, isn't it? I
learned to do math and write essays. If it weren't for
you, I wouldn't know how to read, write, do
math, or
write essays. So I feel that way. I
thank my teachers very much.
Thank you very much, teacher. Is it
simple, kids?
Is it simple? Yes,
teacher. Is it simple? Simple, very true, very easy, kids. First graders, it's very simple, that's all, but very true, and I promise I will be well-behaved and try my best. And when I
misbehave, just teach me, just tell me. Whenever I misbehave, just teach me so I can be well-
behaved, that's all. So, first graders, it's
very easy. Wishing you all the best.
[Music]